Mr. Lee, I'm sorry.
What happened just now caused trouble for you and the company.
You really caused me a lot of trouble for the company.
Sorry.
Min Wei, I thought you were playing hard to get
Now it seems bigger than trying to observe
I don't have a video, I didn't send it.
You have to believe me.
Did Mr. Li know soon?
get off
Mr. Li
I hope we can cooperate happily in the future.
Toast to you
That chestnut has a bad stomach
I'll make a toast in his place.
We have a happy cooperation.
Happy cooperation
Your assistant is really good at drinking.
Hey, obviously I toast you
Mingwei is protecting me
Enough Mingwei is my secretary
I brought him here to talk about cooperation
I'm not here to accompany you